In this feast of knowledge speech, Dr. Xu Wenlian, director of the Institute of Information Science, was invited to introduce the research content and application in the field of artificial intelligence. Dr. Hui said that artificial intelligence has achieved many breakthroughs due to the development of deep learning, especially in speech recognition and natural language understanding. However, natural language understanding is considered the last hurdle of artificial intelligence, and computers have not yet fully understood human language. Dr. Hsu referred to the challenges of machine translation and language understanding, emphasizing skepticism and humility. In addition, IoT applications can improve the convenience of life, but robots still face challenges in areas such as customer service. This video proposes the concept of pattern matching (Pattern Matching) to improve the accuracy of speech recognition, and introduces how the Shenzhen division of labor teaches computers to understand professional terms and deal with the challenges of non-standard grammar. The film explores applications of linguistic phenomena such as spell checkers, auto-answering questions, and more. In addition, intelligent agent applications are introduced, such as automatic mail classification and reply, automatic scoring system, etc. The film mainly talks about the application of computers in life and work in terms of improving efficiency and reducing review costs. However, there are still certain obstacles for machines to create imaginative works such as novels and songs. The film also discusses how technology can be used to organize and structure ancient books. Finally, issues of database establishment and research funding are mentioned. Human creativity is critical in the development of science, but whether AI can learn creativity is still controversial. Experiments are underway in mathematics to allow computers to perform proofs, while data on the web may be used for analysis and personalized advertising. The potential use and security of future data remains a concern. ,