Director Hu Zhenzhen, who graduated from the Department of Literature at National Taiwan University, shared his research on women's novels in the Qing Dynasty in his speech, and discussed the status of women in ancient literature. Taking Li Qingzhao as an example, she was able to challenge the expectations and restrictions on women at that time, and influenced later generations of female literati. Female writers in the Ming and Qing Dynasties, such as Chen Duansheng, created Tanci novels with delicate styles and complex plots, which gave women more creative space. However, these women writers still struggled with the expectations and constraints of their families and society. The film analyzes the female characters and their psychology in works such as "Rebirth" and "Hou Zhi", and explores how female authors express female psychology with delicate descriptions. Finally, the film mentions that when the female writer Liang Deshen completed Chen Duansheng's unfinished novel, she presented her delicate inner feelings from the perspective of a woman. This film explores gender issues and homosexual elements in ancient female poetry novels. "Bishenghua" and Li Guiyu's "Liuhua Dream" show the rationality of women facing difficulties and the phenomenon of wearing masks to face the future, and present women's indifference to marriage through emotional expression. For love and friendship, the heroines in the story disguise themselves as men and support each other on the battlefield. Through the scenes of women cross-dressing, homosexual relations were highlighted in the social context of the time, paving the way for the current discussion of gay literature and gay feelings. The film also explores the preservation process of women's novels and the presentation of gender identity issues in ancient texts. The speaker emphasized that homosexuality and gender identity need to be discussed separately, and thanked Chief Hu for his in-depth explanation, which gave the audience a better understanding of these issues. ,