During the summer vacation, the volcanic issues in Taipei City and Pompeii caused heated discussions. The Legislative Yuan has incorporated volcanic disasters into the category of natural disasters, but Taiwan is still unfamiliar with volcanic disasters. Experts are worried about the geological problems in northern Taiwan, fearing that volcanic activity may trigger fault activity at the foot of the mountain and affect the Taipei metropolitan area. The Taipei Basin may face hazards from the eruption of Mount Qixing. In the past, it was believed that there would be no volcanic eruptions in Taiwan, but geologists discovered that Daling Volcano had volcanic activity, and Daling Volcano was considered a dormant volcano. The Ministry of Science and Technology proposed a four-year plan to determine the size, depth and location of the magma chamber. Scientists have set up an observatory at Taiwan's Datong Volcano and are using seismographs, crustal deformation and geochemical instruments aimed at picking up anomalous signals ahead of the eruption. Although it is impossible to predict the situation of volcanic eruption in the long term, it has certain predictive ability in the short term. Volcanic areas are rich in geothermal resources and tourism potential. This video discusses the possibility of Yangmingshan volcanic activity and related observations about volcanic cities, pointing out that Taipei City is a volcanic city, and it is necessary to prepare for countermeasures in advance. At present, there are only a few cases in the world, such as the Datong Volcanic Group in Taiwan, that use liquid material observation methods to analyze volcanic behavior. This video introduces the types, classification and eruption process of volcanoes, pointing out that volcanic eruptions are relatively easy to predict, but active and quiet changes are more difficult. The video mentions some ways to reduce earthquakes, but the implementation is risky. In addition, the film mentions the connection between the Beitou earthquake and plate movement, and argues that Japan has made progress in preventing volcanic disasters. Finally, the film explores issues such as crater lakes, the ecological impact of submarine volcanoes, and methods of volcanic dating. ,