This video is the Academia Sinica's May Knowledge Feast Lecture, Dr. Wu Zhixiong was invited to share the relationship between sugar molecules and life. Glucose has multiple functions in the human body, such as energy source, ATP generation, structural role and cell message transmission. Cell surface carbohydrates also play an important role in cell-to-cell communication and protection. Dr. Wu talked about the relationship between carbohydrate antigen and blood type, and the application of anticoagulants in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases. The film discusses in depth acute coronary symptoms, diabetes, methanol toxicity, and mentions the 1918 Spanish flu and H1N1 flu viruses. In addition, the film highlights the problem of bacterial resistance and the importance of vaccination, and explores the reasons why Zongzi have difficulty digesting. Finally, the Logo of Kangzhi Technology was introduced: anti-disease and anti-aging, and explained the role of H and N in virus classification. This video explores the role of protein and polysaccharide antigens in the immune process. The speaker mentioned that H1-3 and H5-7 are the keys to human influenza and avian influenza respectively, and explained the relationship between EPO and the kidney and the possible anemia problems encountered by kidney dialysis patients. The video mentions that both bovine kidney essence and black fungus polysaccharides can activate macrophages, but research on polysaccharides has been slow because of their complex structures. The difference between polysaccharide vaccines and protein-conjugated vaccines is that polysaccharide vaccines only use polysaccharides and do not require protein carriers. The speaker mentioned that there are products targeting polysaccharide vaccines on the market, such as the 13-strain Streptococcus pneumoniae vaccine. In addition, the issue of nosocomial infections and related measures to reduce nosocomial infections, such as hand washing and wearing masks, are discussed. Finally, the speaker explained how sugars are added to proteins, and discussed the importance of choosing a suitable Linker from a cellular and chemical perspective. Thanks to Professor Wu Zhixiong for sharing this speech. ,