In his speech at the Institute of Earth Sciences, researcher Lin Zhengxiong talked about the volcanic disaster risk in Taipei City and related records and early warning measures. Taking the ancient city of Pompeii as an example, it shows that the scenery beside the volcano is beautiful, but it is potentially dangerous. The threat of volcanic activity to humans depends on the characteristics of the volcano and the disaster prevention measures. This video discusses how to predict volcanic eruptions by observing seismic activity and deformation of the Earth's crust. In response to volcanic disasters, Taiwan has formulated corresponding business plans and is conducting a large-scale exploration project.

The coexistence of volcanoes and cities is also discussed in the film. Advances in technology allow us to better deal with and reduce risks. Researcher Lin emphasized the possible mutual triggering relationship between volcanoes and earthquakes, as well as the uncertainty and individuality of volcanic behavior. He argues that each volcano has a unique personality that makes long-term eruption prediction challenging. This film discusses the risks of volcanic activity, the S-wave shadow and P-wave haze phenomena, and studies of the volume and depth of magma chambers. Criteria for judging the degree of volcanic activity include recent eruptive records and the presence or absence of magma reservoirs. The early warning of future volcanic activity and landslide disaster still needs further research. It is mentioned in the film that Yellowstone Park in the United States is a typical super-large volcano. The problem of returning residents after a volcanic eruption is complicated. Usually, people will want to return home when the volcano is not smoking. Earthquake prediction is difficult, and the Tatun and Keelung submarine volcanoes are volcanic threats in northern Taiwan. The film also discusses the causes of soreness and related knowledge, and introduces the research on pain-sensing molecules and acid receptor molecules. ,