This lecture invited Qiu Zhonglin, a researcher from the Institute of History, to give a lecture on the history of fine whaling in Chinese history. The research materials are scattered in history books, local chronicles and notes, and the time span is from the Han Dynasty to the present. However, China's whale capture image data is relatively scarce, and traditional literati have limited understanding of the huge capture animals at sea. In ancient documents, some descriptions are different from the classification of modern natural history, showing that the classification method was more traditional at that time. Since the Ming and Qing dynasties, the description of the activities and classification of cetaceans on the sea has been relatively detailed. In Chinese history, there have been 176 records of beluga whale strandings, of which 112 were the most in the East China Sea, which may be due to the long coastline and the entry of two large rivers, the Yangtze River and the former Yangtze River. During the Ming and Qing Dynasties, the marine environment in the coastal areas was very good. The film explores the phenomena and causes of whale stranding in ancient China. Tidal effects and abundant fish resources may be the cause of whale stranding, but the scientific community is still inconclusive. The legend of Runyu describes that the golden fish veins are pushed ashore during the year of Runnian and matched with the zodiac. The phenomenon of fish stranding was widely concerned in ancient China, and there is a myth that whale stranding is regarded as punishment by the gods. It is worth noting that in the legend of giant fish, some giant fish are regarded as dragons. In the third year of Guangxu, there is also a record of capturing a giant fish of seven or eight feet. These legends and phenomena reflect the awe and curiosity of the ancient Chinese towards marine life. Kings can live up to 200 years and are regarded as mystical creatures, with some giant fish described falling from the sky and eventually dying. Among them, in the early Southern Song Dynasty, there are very detailed sacrificial records about the death of metal giant fish. Part of the golden meat was eaten, but more was made into oil, and the golden bones were used in the construction of bridges, temple beams and columns. During the Republic of China, most of the records of Jintun cutting and dispatching appeared after the middle of the Ming Dynasty, and concentrated in the north bank of the Yangtze River Estuary to Xiangshangan, Zhejiang.

Goldfish is mysterious in folklore, such as worshiping the Dragon King and falling into the dragon. However, the social climate and government interpretation behind these records remains unclear. Fewer images of goldfish are preserved, possibly because residents kept them unconsciously, or because fetishes should not be drawn or photographed.

There is no documented evidence for the exchange of goldfish fishing experience between Penghu and Japan. The Penghu marine population may have appeared after the Southern Song Dynasty, or earlier. They would catch goldfish, and most of them may be recorded. In the Ming Dynasty, there are records mentioning the need for fuel at sea, which may be related to Japan. In coastal areas, when goldfish appear, fishermen and ordinary people will think that there is a disaster. Since the Ming Dynasty, the appearance of goldfish in literature and records has a more negative connotation. This presentation explores the ambiguity of a group's provenance, documented relevance, and evaluation. The teacher emphasized that in the less positive situations this is often misinterpreted as imagery, but is not actually a good thing. Finally, thank the teacher for his wonderful sharing. ,