In the first of the five major lectures of the 110-year Knowledge Feast of the Central Concert Academy, academician Liang Gengyi was invited to give a speech, sharing the academic transformation and research results from mathematics to biostatistics. Academician Liang emphasized the difference between mathematics and statistics and the impact of education and biostatistics on human health. In addition, the film explains the Curtain Maier method and its application in the study of genes and survival rates, and explains the four main axes of public health and the concept of prevention. The speaker also emphasized the importance of equivalence and mutual care in global health, uneven distribution of vaccines and wearing masks during the epidemic. In terms of medical education reform, Yangming University shared the whole-person education experience, including the introduction of the admission time and the introduction of PBL teaching method. Finally, the importance of foreign pharmaceutical education system and personnel training is mentioned. This film mainly discusses the importance of promoting Chinese arts universities, the myth of research universities and the challenges facing higher education in Taiwan. It is pointed out that research and education should be closely integrated, and the way to improve the SCI ranking is to combine universities and medical schools. Taiwan's higher education is facing challenges, including declining birth rate, too many universities, insufficient funds and difficulties in recruiting talents, and the introduction of policies often lacks long-term planning. The future trend is distance and smart medical care, but excessive reliance on high technology may widen the gap between the rich and the poor. The presenter of the film shared his personal experience and discussed issues such as care for the elderly and medical education reform, emphasizing that the community, educators and doctors should pay close attention to and cooperate with each other. This film emphasizes the importance of seniors in developing young people and the need to maintain a young mind. Finally, he mentioned the health big data integration platform promoted by the Taiwan government, but reminded that there may be potential risks in over-reliance on big data. ,