The Academia Sinica’s 110-year knowledge experience event invited historian Lei Xiangning to discuss the impact of epidemics on human society. From unraveling the mystery of China's tuberculosis mortality rate in the 1930s, and introducing Dr. Wu Lien-teh, a Chinese medical scientist with anti-epidemic masks, to discussing issues such as the relationship between public health and identity, water sources and the spread of epidemics. Epidemic prevention measures not only promote new living appliances and hygiene habits, but also change people's body awareness, feelings, interpersonal relationships, boundaries and self-identity, and even ethical values. At the beginning of the 20th century, tinea proliferated in China and Japan, when medicine focused on the relationship between the family and the state. The film mentions that the process of epidemic prevention unconsciously strengthens identity, and the problem that the Chinese family food system may lead to serious diseases, and mentions the impact of 19th-century hygiene science on anatomical body definition. Finally, the concept of "Hydrogenic Chinese Dining Table" proposed by Taiwanese doctors and how to find a balance in modern civilization will be introduced. The video shared topics such as Korean dining habits, family changes, and the economy. The speaker mentioned that countries regard borders as a factor of security to strengthen internal solidarity, and pointed out that sanitary measures make borders more visible and have uncontrolled disease effects. At the same time, topics such as the conflict between national culture and liberalism, and the possible Western influence on Japanese dining styles are explored. Although the Kuomintang and the Communist Party have different health concepts, they both pursue people's awareness and health protection. Academician Liu Fang, chair professor of Taipei Medical University, will be invited for the next speech, with the theme "From Housing to Longevity, Unlocking the Common Mechanism". ,