The Academia Sinica’s 112th Annual Science Popularization Award Ceremony invited Distinguished Researcher Ma Guofeng to share seismic monitoring technology, and introduced the research on using optical fiber to observe seismic waves, which can provide high-resolution seismic signals and analyze them in combination with big data. Taiwan has established a national seismic wave database to quickly obtain earthquake information. In the future, we will focus on more effectively feeding back earthquake information to the society, broadcasting the intensity of the earthquake to the location in real time, and actively developing communication-related work. In addition to seismic observations, fiber optic technology has other applications, such as energy exploration and geothermal carbon storage. The Earthquake Science Center conducts seismic modeling studies and simulates basin structures to clearly see changes in seismic wave propagation. The researchers studied the Cheung Chau subsidence-type earthquake that could potentially trigger house collapses, explored the process of seismic acceleration, and hoped to develop predictive models to understand the behavior of magnitude 7.0 earthquakes. The potential of optical fiber technology in the field of earthquake research is considered to help improve the accuracy of disaster prevention and early warning. The speaker emphasized the importance of information disclosure to improve risk management capabilities, and indicated that the earthquake research project may be extended to other fault areas in the future. The speaker mentioned that he hoped to use Chunghwa Telecom's signal to understand the location of faults in order to meet the challenges in earthquake research. Although the research on the earthquake risk map and tsunami potential map has been questioned, the research team still has the opportunity to cooperate with TSMC, which shows that the scientific research results have practical application value. Ideally, seismographs would be deployed inside buildings and reduced costs in order to collect more data. In addition, seismic technology also has potential applications in forward-looking energy planning and earthquake insurance, which is helpful for risk control. Finally, the speaker thanked the audience who participated in the humanities lecture, and looked forward to applying the results of earthquake research to people's livelihood. ,