The theme of this academic lecture is the evolution of Chinese characters, and it will be lectured by Academician Cheng Yue-e, Chair Professor of National Taiwan University. Academician Zheng has made rich achievements in the study of Chinese characters, combining Pentateuch literature with modern Western literature. The film mentions that language is not just a tool, but has diversity in different eras, backgrounds and contexts. In the 1930s, Louis Mumford mentioned changes in the perception of space and time in Technology and Civilization. In addition, the film mentions the choice of definitions and polysemy in the New Encyclopedia of General Encyclopedia, which may make people lose their understanding of the overall structure. Inspired by his experience in teaching Chinese characters, Hu Shi advocated that Chinese should have grammar, and later published "On the Reform of Guoyu Grammar", which raised the vernacular movement to a higher level. This film tells about the reform of Chinese grammar and punctuation marks, and emphasizes that we should not imitate the West, but break through the limitations of grammar and morphology when researching and creating language. In addition, the film explores the importance of rhetoric in language learning, including meaning categories of words, word-making structures, and linguistic diversity and emotional expression. Through Tang Yue's "Rhetorical Revolution", it is proposed that the grammar of reform should conform to grammatical principles and be able to touch emotions. The film also discusses the issues of language change and part-of-speech division in Chinese, and emphasizes the importance of grammar and logic in Chinese and the relationship between language and thought and things. Finally, it introduces the teaching and comprehension methods of language and poetic language science, emphasizing the close reading of the text to understand the semantics, and pointing out the complexity of the psychological structure of the speaker or writer. The film tells how Chinese culture continues to evolve and transform in the modern revolution, emphasizing language diversity and emotional expression. In order to re-understand the essence of Chinese culture, we need to break the framework of modern vision and explore the issue of language diversity. In the process of modern exploration of Chinese poetry, poets have tried many different transformation methods. Language is not only a tool, but also an organ that shapes inner thoughts. In the face of language transformation, we need a language of logical cognition, and at the same time seek a language that integrates across fields, emphasizing the empathy function of language. The development of the Chinese language does not only belong to a certain era or region, but is the result of a civilization that is constantly undergoing transformation. ,