The Mediterranean diet can help prevent frailty by including enough plant foods such as vegetables, fruits, nuts and oils, which help maintain health and reduce inflammation. However, the Mediterranean diet cannot be fully applied in Taiwan, and we need to make appropriate adjustments according to our own conditions. The balanced dietary recommendations of the US-Japan Dietary Guidelines For the elderly, ensuring that nutrients and protein intake meet the standards can help maintain overall physiological function and muscle mass. For people whose calorie intake is less than 1500 calories, some adjustments should be made, such as appropriately increasing the intake of vegetables and fruits. In Taiwan's dietary recommendations for the elderly, food categories remain stable, but protein and fat should increase. International literature shows that nutrients such as vitamin B group, C, E, D and phytochemicals are related to the synthesis of neurotransmitters, especially vitamin B group has a significant effect on slowing down brain atrophy. The nutritional health survey found that the elderly with low cognitive function had low nutritional intake, including insufficient calories and protein. Therefore, the diet of the elderly should pay attention to nutritional balance, appropriately increase the intake of calories, trace elements, cholesterol, etc., and eat more protein-rich foods, such as fresh fruits, whole milk, fish and seafood. In addition, maintaining the habit of drinking tea and coffee can also help maintain cognitive function. The long-term goal is to prevent cardiovascular disease, and the short-term goal is to ensure adequate nutrition. To maintain a balanced diet, distribute six major food groups, including fruits and vegetables, nuts, seed rings, milk and protein-rich foods, with healthy tea drinks. Eat red meat in moderation and avoid extreme diets. Adjust food distribution according to individual calorie needs, and have a reasonable mix of staple foods, main dishes, vegetables and fruits. Three-dimensional plates can be used to assist in food distribution. Be creative and incorporate a variety of foods into your diet to create fun activities. Taking the elderly as an example, if you can’t finish eating vegetables, you can chop them and mix them with eggs to make a vegetable and egg sandwich. Ensure the intake of fruits, and arrange the intake of fruits and juices according to personal appetite. In short, it is necessary to maintain a balanced and creative eating habit to ensure adequate nutrition. ,