It is mentioned in the film that dietary changes can improve our physical health, such as increasing vegetable and fruit intake, using whole grains, etc. In the process of human aging, vitality and weakness are inseparable. We need to understand ways to take care of our bodies when we are young so we can look our best in old age. Frailty and disability are reversible. By changing our lifestyle and eating habits, we can walk on the road to health. When observing abnormal weight changes and weakened strength in the elderly, it should be noted that this may be a warning sign of frailty syndrome. Frailty is a health problem in older age characterized by symptoms such as weak hand grip, slow walking speed, weight loss and always feeling tired. The development of frailty is related to many factors such as genetic factors and environmental factors, which affect the decline of multiple system organ functions. Proper lifestyle, good nutrition and regular physical activity help maintain good health. With regard to protein intake, through nutritional assessment, it is recommended that the elderly should consume enough protein to maintain the body's needs. Patients with frailty have low protein intake and should consume an appropriate amount of protein according to body weight. The global recommendation for protein intake is 1.2 grams per kilogram of body weight. This value is based on the American and Japanese dietary guidelines, and all nutrients can meet the standards. However, older people who eat less may not be able to meet this standard. Deficiencies in nutrients such as protein, vitamin B12, vitamin C, and zinc can lead to debilitating conditions. The study found that if the elderly in Taiwan suffer from frailty, their diet patterns will be different. Frail people may still eat too much of staple foods and too little of protein and other nutrients. Therefore, dietary recommendations need to be adjusted for those who eat less to ensure that their metabolic needs are met. Taiwanese generally do not consume enough protein and lack dairy products as an important source of protein. Elderly people are especially prone to debilitating diseases. They eat more rice and less protein, milk, vegetables, fruits and fats, which affects their health. In addition, traditional white rice is not rich in nutrients, which can easily cause calorie deficiency. Therefore, it is particularly important to have a balanced diet and increase the intake of protein, milk and other foods. ,